highlight le and quantile label values normalization in Prom 3.0 (#2572)
prometheus/docs: content/docs/concepts/metric_types.md

the cost. Detailed documentation will follow once native histograms are closer
to becoming a stable feature.

> NOTE: Beginning with Prometheus v3.0, the values of the `le` label of classic
> histograms is consistently normalized to a float-like representation upon ingestion.

Reviewer: "Float-like representation" is pretty vague. How about this:

```suggestion
NOTE: Beginning with Prometheus v3.0, the values of the `le` label of classic
histograms are normalized during ingestion to follow the format of [OpenMetrics Canonical Numbers](https://github.com/prometheus/OpenMetrics/blob/main/specification/OpenMetrics.md#considerations-canonical-numbers).
```

detailed explanations of φ-quantiles, summary usage, and differences
to [histograms](#histogram).

NOTE: Beginning with Prometheus v3.0, the values of the `quantile` label is consistently

> normalized to a float-like representation upon ingestion.

Reviewer: I would propose the same change as above.
